Use spack-stack modulefiles (#56)
noaa-oar-arl/NEXUS: CMakeLists.txt

# Check environment
cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.5)

> # set the project name and version

Author: ```suggestion
# Set the project name and version
```

project(NEXUS
        VERSION 0.2.0
        LANGUAGES Fortran)

> # set compiler
> if(NOT DEFINED ENV{FC})
>   message(FATAL_ERROR "CMAKE_Fortran_COMPILER is not defined")
> endif()

Author: It doesn't need to be fatal error. I was experimenting with these warning messages, but the behavior seems to be not always as expected, due to cmake's caching and such I guess.
```suggestion
# FC should be used to set compiler
if(NOT DEFINED ENV{FC})
  message(WARNING "FC is not set. You may want to use it to specify a specific compiler.")
else()
  if("$ENV{FC}" STREQUAL "")
    message(WARNING "FC is set to empty string. You may want to use it to specify a specific compiler.")
  else()
    message(STATUS "FC is set: '${FC}'")
  endif()
endif()
```

# Check environment
cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.5)

# set the project name and version
project(NEXUS
        VERSION 0.2.0
        LANGUAGES Fortran)

# set compiler
if(NOT DEFINED ENV{FC})
  message(FATAL_ERROR "CMAKE_Fortran_COMPILER is not defined")
endif()

set(CMAKE_Fortran_COMPILER $ENV{FC})
set(CMAKE_C_COMPILER $ENV{CC})
set(CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER $ENV{CXX})

> 

Author: This change is a reversion. CMake recognizes those env vars (`FC`, `CC`, etc.) automatically.
